HTML AND CSS
 markup laguage and 
collection of predifined tags
Presentation layer- UI-What a user can see
.html -  A html document is saved with filename.html/ .htm

what editor can i use?
Notepad
Notepad++

Notes:
<!Doctype html>
what is the version of html we are using
 
Current version ---html 5 

1)what is the use of head?
loading external css , js files 
importing any framework

2) Value	Description
button	       Defines a clickable button (mostly used with a JavaScript to activate a script)
checkbox	Defines a checkbox
color	Defines a color picker
date	Defines a date control (year, month, day (no time))
datetime-local	Defines a date and time control (year, month, day, time (no timezone)
email	Defines a field for an e-mail address
file	Defines a file-select field and a "Browse" button (for file uploads)
hidden	Defines a hidden input field
image	Defines an image as the submit button
month	Defines a month and year control (no timezone)
number	Defines a field for entering a number
password	Defines a password field
radio	Defines a radio button
range	Defines a range control (like a slider control)
reset	Defines a reset button
search	Defines a text field for entering a search string
submit	Defines a submit button
tel	Defines a field for entering a telephone number
text	Default. Defines a single-line text field



LocalStorage

Stores data with no expiration date, and gets cleared only through JavaScript, or clearing the Browser cache / Locally Stored Data
Storage limit is the maximum amongst the three
SessionStorage

The sessionStorage object stores data only for a session, meaning that the data is stored until the browser (or tab) is closed.
Data is never transferred to the server.
Storage limit is larger than a cookie (at least 5MB).
time	Defines a control for entering a time (no timezone)
url	Defines a field for entering a URL
week	Defines a week and year control (no timezone)
Birthday (date and time): <input type="datetime-local" name="bdaytime">


What is the main purpose of an interface? The answer is "Standardization". That means objects which have same type of functions should be standardized.
 Programming example: Suppose you have developed an application which inserts, updates, deletes and searches something in database. 
Say you have developed a "Student information system" for your college. 
Some of the activities like capturing student credentials (Insert), searching a student profile (Search) etc.
 Similarly suppose you have another module where you are capturing fee details for students (Insert), 
modifying fee details for a student(update)etc. So for each case you are inserting, updating or searching.
 To standardize these activity, in data access layer of a standard application has atleast one interface with these methods declared in it, 
so that each class in DAO layer must have to follow those standards(in other words rules).